Changes			Lowlevel changelog
MANIFEST
MANIFEST.SKIP
Makefile.PL
OLE.xs
README
ToDo
hints/cygwin.pl
lib/OLE.pm		Compatibility layer: old toplevel OLE.pm
lib/Win32/OLE.pm
lib/Win32/OLE/Const.pm	Win32::OLE::Const module: TypeLib constants
lib/Win32/OLE/Enum.pm	Win32::OLE::Enum module: Collection objects
lib/Win32/OLE/Lite.pm   Lightweight OLE.pm not using ANY other modules
lib/Win32/OLE/NEWS.pod	History of user visable changes
lib/Win32/OLE/NLS.pm	Win32::OLE::NLS module: National Language Support
lib/Win32/OLE/TPJ.pod	Win32::OLE article from "The Perl Journal" #10
lib/Win32/OLE/TypeInfo.pm       Win32::OLE::TypeInfo module
lib/Win32/OLE/Variant.pm	Win32::OLE::Variant module: VARIANT variables

browser/Browser.dhtml   OLE Automation type library browser
browser/Browser.html	FRAMESET document for typelib browser

browser/Class.png
browser/Const.png
browser/Default.png
browser/Enum.png
browser/Event.png
browser/Function.png
browser/Global.png
browser/Help.png
browser/Library.png
browser/Module.png
browser/Property.png
browser/Type.png

eg/constants.pl		Sample script prints all Excel defined constants
eg/properties.pl	Sample script prints all Excel application properties
eg/tpj.pl		Sample code from the Win32::OLE article in TPJ #10
eg/typelibs.pl		Sample script prints all registered typelib names
eg/word2pod.pl		Prototype of a Word -> POD translator
eg/word2xxx.pl		Sample file type converter

t/1_nls.t		Regression tests for Win32::OLE::NLS module
t/2_variant.t		Regression tests for the Win32::OLE::Variant module
t/3_ole.t		Regression tests for Win32::OLE using Excel 7 and above
t/4_compat.t		Regression tests for OLE compatibility module
t/5_unicode.t		Regression tests using the Unicode::String module
t/6_event.t		Regression tests for OLE Events using Excel
t/7_overload.t		Regression tests for overloaded number/string conversion
